_pages/about.md, before:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Affiliations</a>. Address. Contacts. Motto. Etc.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p>555 your office number</p>
    <p>123 your address street</p>
    <p>Your City, State 12345</p>

news: true # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: true # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Write your biography here. Tell the world about yourself. Link to your favorite [subreddit](http://reddit.com). You can put a picture in, too. The code is already in, just name your picture `prof_pic.jpg` and put it in the `img/` folder.

Put your address / P.O. box / other info right below your picture. You can also disable any of these elements by editing `profile` property of the YAML header of your `_pages/about.md`. Edit `_bibliography/papers.bib` and Jekyll will render your [publications page](/al-folio/publications/) automatically.

Link to your social media connections, too. This theme is set up to use [Font Awesome icons](https://fontawesome.com/) and [Academicons](https://jpswalsh.github.io/academicons/), like the ones below. Add your Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Google Scholar, or just disable all of them.

Commit message:

edited structure, remove unneeded pages

_pages/about.md, after:

---
layout: about
title: about
permalink: /
subtitle: <a href='#'>Msc in Applied geoinformatics</a> @University of Salzburg.

profile:
  align: right
  image: prof_pic.jpg
  image_circular: false # crops the image to make it circular
  more_info: >
    <p> </p>

news: false # includes a list of news items
selected_papers: false # includes a list of papers marked as "selected={true}"
social: true # includes social icons at the bottom of the page
---

Welcome! I am currently completing my Masters in Applied geoinformatics in Salzburg, where I learned about geo-data acquisition, processing and several analysis methods. I also learned about spatial simulation and analysis methods.

Through my work as a study assistant at the universities' Mobility Lab  and my current occupation at the mobility service provider [Trafficon]("https://www.trafficon.eu/geoservices/"), my current focus centers Mobility research and deepening my software engineering knowledge.

## My Master's Thesis
I am currently working on my Thesis: 'Spatial patterns of socially sustaina-ble mobility:
expanding a set of indicators to further include social aspects', which deals with indicator design, data choice and comparing the spatial patterns occuring when calculating indicators for sustainable mobility in Austrian municipalities. Through this thesis i could enhance my knowledge on sustainable transport and related data, as well as the statistical methods to compare and evaluate the metrics chosen.

## What You will find here
This Portfolio page documents my achievements and projects I completed during the Masters program, showcasing my academic journey thus far. 

Thank you for visiting my site - I invite you to explore my work and to look at the projects I completed.
